First feature.

I want to create an app for house construction on a plot. For that I need to build many features one at a time. I should be able to run this app on a phone. So I want to create an apk for it so that anybody who has it can easily run this app on the phone. I want to create this app for Punjab, India.It has its own set of terminology for different things like we have Khasra,Khewat, Marla, Biswa, Gaj and so on. The first feature that I want to create is that I should be able to give the plot size in any of the dimensions and I should be able to convert it into any other dimension. you should also be able to convert the dimension given as length and breadth in any of the dimensions to an area in any other dimension.

Second feature

In this feature, I want to calculate the total number of bricks required to lay the boundary ball of the plot. Each brick is 9 inches long, 4 inches wide and 4 inches in height. For a wal, two bricks are laid in parallel along the length of the wall, So suppose we have a 60 feet long wall, you need to first calculate how many bricks will be needed to cover the complete wall, if those bricks are laid lengthwise, for example each brick is one feet long and two bricks are laid in parallel then we will need 120 bricks to cover the complete length of the wall for the first layer. Similarly, for the first layer, we need some bricks to cover the breadth as well. For example, if the breadth is 30 feet, then we will need 60 bricks.To cover the complete parameter of the wall for the first layer, the total number of bricks needed will be (120 + 60) _ 2 = 360. The feature should provide a way to input the length and breadth of the plot and then should also provide a way to input the number of layers and then calculate the total number of bricks needed to build that wall. For example if you want to create four layers of bricks for this particular plot the number of bricks needed will be 360 _ 4. It should also provide a way to input the cost of 1000 bricks and then using that it should be able to find out the total cost of the total bricks needed to build the wall for particular number of layers. This feature should provide a way to ask length and breadth of the plot in different units you we have already provided for the first feature. I might have made some calculation mistakes, so if there are any queries, related to calculations or any other queries, you can ask me now.
